# Profile

## **Contact Information**

- Email: [ning.huang.ridson@gmail.com](mailto:ning.huang.ridson@gmail.com)
- Github: [https://github.com/Arterning](https://github.com/Arterning)

## **Work Experience**

### **Senior Full-stack Developer, ZoomLion Smart Agriculture Co., Ltd.**

Sep. 2022 - present

ZoomlLion Smart Agriculture - Responsible for the development of the blockchain traceability system's web/mobile front-end and back-end:

- Analyzed requirements, designed and wrote system design documents.
- Wrote technical documents and set coding standards.
- Conducted daily function development, maintenance, and code review.

#### **Smart Agriculture Cloud Traceability System**

Front-end:

- Used React and TypeScript as the development framework and language.
- Used the Class JSONForm scheme to solve form auto-generation, mutual dependence, and real-time update functionality.
- Supported multiple complex interactions such as drag and drop, scaling, shortcut keys, rollback, redo, etc.
- Used various third-party libraries to implement advanced features, such as cropper.js (image cropping), html2canvas (screenshot), qrcode.js (QR code generation), etc.
- Packaged an internal component library for use on both the front-end and back-end.

Back-end:

- Used Springboot as the primary development platform, designed and developed high-performance (low latency, high availability) microservices and APIs.
- Used hyperledger fabric as a blockchain service to upload data on the production process of agricultural products to the blockchain-based platform, including planting, drying, processing, packaging, etc.
- Used MySql+Redis as the database.
- Coordinated with devops to complete the Kubernetes deployment of the entire system and the CI/CD process.

### **Full-stack Developer, Backstop Solutions Co., Ltd.**

Jan. 2018 - Sep. 2019

**[Backstop Solutions](https://www.backstopsolutions.com/about-backstop)** - Responsible for the development and maintenance of the platform's account module and fund calculation module:

- Responsible for the front-end and back-end development of multiple React projects.
- Optimized the system's caching performance and the calculation performance of the fund calculation module.
- Upgraded the system's UI/UX.
- Analyzed requirements and designed technical architecture.
- Wrote technical documents and set coding standards.
- Conducted daily function development, maintenance, and code review.

#### **React Project**

Front-end:

- Used React Redux as the basic framework.
- Used Formik as the form solution.
- Used React-Grid as the table display solution.
- Used Highchart as the chart display solution.

Back-end:

- Used Jboss as the back-end server.
- Used Katharsis-framework as the basic implementation of the back-end API, providing JSON-API.
- Used Oracle+Redis as the database and cache service.
- Used Casl to complete complex permission verification and implementation.

#### **Cache Module Performance Optimization**

- Optimized the in-process cache structure and granularity.
- Used a combination of in-process and distributed caching to replace the original separate in-process caching solution.
- Changed the cache loading data scheme from Hibernate to JDBC.

#### **Calculation Module Performance Optimization**

- Described the dependency relationships between calculation tasks through building a DAG graph.
- Used thread pools and multi-threading to execute tasks that have no dependency relationships in parallel to speed up calculations.
- Introduced RabbitMQ message middleware to receive calculation requests and eliminate duplicate calculation requests before submitting them, avoiding resource waste caused by repeated calculations.

## **Professional Skills**

Proficient in using Javascript (ES6) / Typescript for frontend development, and skilled in the following frameworks:

- Using React and related tools: Redux, React-Router, NextJS, Mobx for web development.
- Using Vue3 and related tools: Vite, Vue-Router, Pinia, and Element-Plus for web development.

Proficient in using CSS3 and related tools:

- Antd and MUI component libraries.
- Tailwind.css and Bootstrap5 as style libraries.
- Less, Sass, and PostCSS as preprocessors.

Using Node.js (Typescript) for development, and skilled in the following frameworks and knowledge points:

- Familiar with API or microservices work.
- Egg.js.
- Express.
- Nest.js.

Proficient in using Java (8), and skilled in the following technologies:

- Spring ecosystem-related frameworks: Springboot, Springcloud, and Springcloud-alibaba-related middleware.
- Mybatis, Mybatis-plus, Hibernate.
- Message middleware kafka.

Familiar with the basic principles and differences of various databases, and proficient in operating and using the following databases:

- Relational: Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL.
- Non-relational: MongoDB.
- Cache: Redis.

Familiar with Docker and modern DevOps - CI/CD workflows:

- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Github Actions
- Gitlab Actions
- Kurbenetes
- Drone

## **Personal Projects**

### **Personal Management Platform**

Written in Typescript, packaged with Vite, and using EggJS for backend.

- [love-hui](https://github.com/Arterning/love-hui)
